oh this is a quick video of my new
hobbyking 7-channel
transmitter and a 8 channel RX receiver
so it's just got here today it took
three days to get here from hong kong
that's ems via parcel for Speed Post so
it's a very efficient and very quick so
let's let's have a look see what we got
she ceased nicely packed up in his sir
in his own ball
and here we go there you go see wrapped
up in a plastic bag and we have the
receiver here the 8 channel receiver
with a the blind plaque attached so your
camera's very good I've turn the macro
off where's the 8 channel receiver very
good and the bind plug let's take the
actual worm transmitter elsevier get rid
of that I'll just take it out this bag
down table here and get a better look at
it so there we have it the hobbyking 7
channel two point four gigs spread
spectrum technology we've got the
digital trims rudder elevator wattle
hold idle up here channel 5 walkthrough
channel 7 auxiliary it's a very nice bit
kit I mean four figures $63 or $65 welds
are about 40 pound where you got
yourself an eight channel receiver and a
seven channel transmitter so we've got a
digital display here also you haven't
set it up and found it yet so on the
back you got the normal thing you've got
the buying button at the top a nice
chrome handle here and you've got yes
your battery battery pack what goes in
there v 8 x double a's i'm sure you can
modify that so you could put a lipo in
there or whatever you wanted to do but
all in all very nice very pleased with
it you put your neck strap on their
little chrome hook this is a mode 2 with
the left bottle nice movement here lots
of springy
feels good but forward to getting this
on the radian and so it performs okay
there you go